Bootcamps

Hiring

Workforce Development

Resources
About Us

Get Started
Mission Driven, Outcomes Focused
We elevate people, companies, and communities.
Tech Elevator is an intensive in-person and online education provider helping individuals and companies acquire in-demand technology skills for the modern workforce.

Not all graduation rates are the same.
Our graduation rate is 93%.
What's important to know is that we count every student and not just the ones that finish. Tech Elevator sees more graduations from start to finish because of our process and people.


We give bright minds the confidence and courage to change their lives and careers.
Through our full-time and part-time coding bootcamps, we teach students from diverse backgrounds to become software developers.

We help build necessary career-readiness skills and career connections through our nationally recognized Pathway Program™.

More than placement we build lifelong careers.
Our students find roles shortly after graduation among our growing Hiring Partner network of 900+ companies nationwide.
Our Pathway Program, focused on career readiness, ensures that success isn't just a new job but a thriving career of upward mobility.


























Founded in 2015, with a focus on quality and care in everything we do, we’re proud of our outcomes.
Our results speak to our focus on quality and on student success, which have earned us a leading national bootcamp position based on the job placement rate of our grads.













Our Culture

At Tech Elevator, we have three core values that align, engage and inspire us.
These cultural values establish what we can expect from each other.  They are supported by actions from everyone in the company to uphold and cherish—so that the way in which we accomplish our mission is as important, or more, than doing it.

ParticipaTE

We are engaged and take both initiative and responsibility.
We do more than show up: we contribute in a positive, authentic and collaborative way to our work and our community. At Tech Elevator, our success is driven by the combined participation of each and every member of the team.

AppreciaTE

We are passionate about what we do and the people we impact.
Whether that’s a student, a coworker or a community partner, we give respect and empower each other to use our talents to the best of our abilities. And, we show our gratitude in big and small ways.

ElevaTE

We never settle for the status quo.
Whether it’s in the way we are self-motivated or the appetite we have for quality, we are avid learners and innovators, constantly seeking opportunities for improvement. Our desire to be better includes encouraging those around us to lean forward, try new things and elevate each other.

Elevating people, companies and communities.

Meet Our Team

Our team is passionate about our mission and everyone contributes their talents to elevating what we do and how we do it.
While we work in and around tech, we are driven by the individual lives we change each and every day.

Vinny Sanfillipo
Senior Director of Career Development
After graduating from Otterbein University with degrees in Philosophy and Political Science, Vinny has spent the bulk of his career with start-ups, helping them position themselves in the market, build their team, and develop their company culture. Throughout his career, Vinny discovered his passion for helping others succeed and grow, and is beyond excited to bring that energy and zeal to his role at Tech Elevator.

View my Vinny Sanfillipo LinkedIn
Vinny Sanfillipo
Explore Our Insights
Alumni Insights
Career Coaching
Inside Tech Elevator
Learn To Code
Upskilling
Celebrating National Siblings Day with 3 Tech Elevator Career Changers (Q&A)
Celebrating National Siblings Day with 3 Tech Elevator Career Changers (Q&A)
Alumni Spotlight: Why Ada Safak Chose the Bootcamp for Hands-on Experience
Tech Elevator graduate Ada Safak was earning a Ph.D. in STEM (Science Technology Engineering and Mathematics), when she felt a pull toward tech, specifically. She wanted practical, hands-on experience that...

Career Change Success Stories: Real-Life Inspiration
With more than 3,500 graduates from our remote and physical bootcamps across the country, there are many incredible alumni and career-change stories to share. This post is a continuation of...

Alumni Spotlight: A Career Transformation from Food Scientist to UI Engineer
Tech Elevator’s alumni network continues to grow. With more than 3,500 graduates from our remote and physical coding bootcamps across the country, there are many incredible alumni stories to share....

More Student Resources
or explore all insights.

Contact Us
(877) 606-3203
hello@techelevator.com
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Youtube
Privacy Policy
Featured Locations
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Detroit
Pittsburgh
Bootcamp Info
Full-Time
Part-Time
Online
Tuition & Financing
Why Tech Elevator
FAQs
Hiring & Talent
Careers & Recruitment
Reskilling Program
Bootcamp Licensing
Diversity & Inclusion
Meet Our Students
Resources
Career Coaching
Learn To Code
Alumni Insights
Upskilling
Inside Tech Elevator
Tech Elevator, Inc. is a wholly owned and operated subsidiary of Galvanize Inc.

Tech Elevator is licensed under the Delaware Department of Education, Michigan Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs, Ohio State Board of Career Colleges and Schools, Pennsylvania State Board of Private Licensed Schools and Texas Workforce Commission. | Cincinnati Certificate No. 2114 | Cleveland Certificate No. 2072 | Columbus Certificate No. 2090 | Dallas Certificate No S5796 | Pittsburgh AUN No. 402029219 | Detroit License No. 8604001265 | Philadelphia AUN No: 426515169 | Wilmington license issued August 16, 2022

Gravatar
We're Online!
Have any questions?

